Regarding the glasses and the Dharma teacher, even though the
Dharma teacher has encouraged everyone, if they
cannot come to the temple to listen to the Dharma on the 14th and 30th,
and cannot come to the temple to listen to the Dharma teacher on the
8th and 3rd and 20th of each month, and only
Buddhist families who find the opportunity to listen on the
3rd, 8th, 20th, and 14th and 30th, or whenever they
have time, they can listen after these
fixed Dharma listening days, I respectfully ask the teacher for guidance. If this is
not in accordance with the club's regulations,
please guide everyone so that they understand
more clearly the benefits of group
Dharma listening on the days mentioned above. I express my
gratitude for the teacher's merits. Respectfully, dear Dharma friends,
for those who can break free from
worldly attachments—this is what we call practicing the Eight Precepts—it
is a very important day. Now, in the secular world,
one day to seek the Dharma and the precepts of the Buddha—the
merit of the
Buddha is immense. It is beyond comprehension.
Therefore, every thought
we have of letting go of attachments and seeking the Dharma
brings us great merit. Those who can
come to the temple to practice are already...  That's great!
If we can't come back,
we should form a group to listen to the
Dharma teachings, sister. Forming a group
to listen is called a mental state; our minds
are directed towards the Dharma teachings. These two things are
different. One person
listens whenever they have free time, still preoccupied with
worldly affairs. They listen when they're free, and don't listen when they're not.
This is different from someone who
cherishes the Dharma and, at that point,
has to leave and
listen to the Dharma teachings.
These two people already have
completely different merits and blessings. One person, still involved in many worldly
affairs, is more
attached to worldly things, and is more influenced by
worldly affairs. That means they will encounter
more difficult and troublesome situations, and won't have the opportunity to
let go. Therefore, we should listen at Dharma centers
if anyone can't come on those days.
If the Dharma
center isn't a temple, we can
still practice in groups, for example, if it's not too
crowded, maybe 53 people.  Ten people listen to the
Dharma for repentance, and on the 3rd and
20th of the month, we also gather to listen to the
Dharma. Just say, "I am wholeheartedly
devoted to the Three Jewels, I ask that you help me
eliminate my karmic obstacles." They say, "There is a
good Dharma treasure within me." "
Where do you rely on? You only rely on life,
right?" That means you want to stop
the things you do in everyday life. You seek the
Dharma, so you seek the Dharma. That's also caring for
everyday life. Because seeking the
Dharma increases merit, and it's precious, my friend. Seeking the Dharma increases blessings because only with
enlightenment can you stop
evil karma. If you are not enlightened,
you cannot stop evil karma. Once you stop evil, you will not
give rise to evil thoughts. With your
enlightened wisdom, your blessings will increase rapidly. It increases on their own.
Just think that whether you go to listen to the
Dharma today or not, it's the same.
You can listen whenever you like, but remember the
lesson about auspicious days and months that the Buddha taught.
Comparing the beginning of auspicious days, the morning is...  A
peaceful
midday, a peaceful afternoon, a peaceful evening, a
peaceful night. Therefore, we must
always strive towards
these days, listening to the
Dharma and seeking enlightenment. If our minds are focused in
this way, peace will
come to
us, and we will diminish
our negative karma. That is the benefit of having a
spiritual foundation. We should not be negligent
in focusing our minds on the
Dharma because the root of the Buddha's power is the Dharma, the power of the
Sangha, the power of the Three Jewels.
Seeing us focusing our minds on the
Dharma, we
receive blessings through our focus on our
own enlightenment.
Do you understand, dear fellow practitioners? That blessing is something
we generate
ourselves. We generate this
power, which allows the Dharma Protectors to
protect us. The Dharma Protectors
always support the Buddha's Dharma, and that is why we
have this life. May the
Three Jewels always protect us. May the Dharma Protectors always
support us. If we do not listen...
If we don't focus our minds on seeking the Dharma, there will be no Dharma protectors to support us.
Even
in Buddhist scriptures, when we
hear the Buddha's teachings, if
someone or some group causes trouble, the
Diamond Dharma Protector will immediately
strike down that
demon who is disrupting the Dharma. So, when
we go to listen to the Dharma, we all
gain merit.
If anyone harasses those who sincerely go to
listen to the Dharma, they will immediately sign a document stating that the Dharma protectors
will subdue them. Those who
go to listen to the Dharma will
also have their karma greatly reduced.
There are diligent Dharma protectors. Yes,
yes.